[Music]
you know one question that I often ask
people is supposing we could decode
supposing we could get the code of the
20,000 or genes that we have and we were
looking at prenatal diagnosis and we
found out that a pre-implantation embryo
at a 10% risk for a lethal
neurodegenerative disease would you
change the way you thought about that
implantation and these are not abstract
questions these are going to become
extremely con concrete questions in the
future there's a host of children a
young woman that actually met several
times in whom gene therapy was used to
change her T cells and that gene therapy
allowed those now re-educated T cells
carrying these new genes to be able to
recognize her cancer and kill her cancer
and she's in a remission
this would not have happened if we
didn't know about gene therapy and
genetics so you can see the unbelievable
advances that gene therapies allow us to
do and on the other hand you can also
witness the tremendous moral questions
that James helped is reading genes and
potentially tampering with the human
genome can have for for the future so
it's obviously like great technologies
it comes with great promise
[Music]
you